---
published: true
---
# Privacy Statement
{:.no_toc}

This statement specifies the privacy policy which applies to use of {{ site.sitedomain }} and it’s sub-domains.

<!--excerpt-->

* TOC.
{:toc}

1. ## Data Collection

    At present the privacy policy for {{ site.sitedomain }} and it's sub-domains is that:

	- **No data** is collected from visiting users.
    - **No registration** or **sign-in** is required
	- **No data** is not stored.

    The {{ site.sitedomain }} domain is intended as a portfolio of content created by {{ site.author }}. As a result, it has no reason or need to ask for or keep user data

    Should this policy change in the future, updates will be posted on the home page with a link to the updated privacy statement.

1. ## Intermediaries

    {{ site.sitedomain }} and it's sub-domains make use of an <abbr title="application programming interface">API</abbr> to get content created by {{ site.author }} as {{ site.accounts }}.

    The {{ site.sitedomain }} API uses libraries / APIs provided by {{ site.accountNames }} to access content on their site and platform.

    Getting the content presented on {{ site.sitedomain }} doesn't provide user data to these intermediaries. However, each content item links to the intermediary site in a new window and the appropriate intermediary's privacy policy will then apply.

1. ## Cookies

	The {{ site.sitedomain }} domain uses a cookie stored on the user's machine and passes it to the {{ site.sitedomain }} API to access content created by {{ site.author }} as {{site.accounts }}.