---
published: true
categories: posts
date: '2017-08-14 13:00:01 +0100'
---
# Blogging
{:.no_toc}

This is the starting point for learning how to post blog entries to your site using [markdown](http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/) and [prose.io](http://prose.io/).  The guide covers the following
topics in order to get the user creating posts for the App blog section. The App uses JSON feeds generated by [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) in [GitHub pages](https://pages.github.com/) and consumes the content via the API.

<!--excerpt-->

* TOC
{:toc}

## Instructions for blogging

1. ### Create a post

	- go to the [prose.io](http://prose.io/)
    	- it's the online editor for your blog posts
        - you may need to authorise on GitHub - I'll message you your creds when you get this far :)
	- in the _\_drafts- **folder** - use the (green0 new file button to create an _untitled_ file
	- **change the `-your-filename`** part of the file name, at top above the formatting toolbar. This will be the text used to link to the post so make something representing the content!
	    - without spaces, or any of the following characters:  /  \  &  "  '  '  ‘  ’  ’  ‘  “  ”

	- **save the file** using the button in the right hand toolbar

    - click the **commit** button that appears on the left of the save button (you can enter what has changed in the textarea for history/tracability)

1. ### Add meta-data

    > Noun - a set of data that describes and gives information about other data.

    **_post_**:
    ```
	categories: posts
	date: 'YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS +0100'
    ```
	_Notes_:
    - some of sketchabele.com pages (home, copyright) use the blog function too. For these the `categories` value is set to `pages`. This will allow you to update the page's content without touching the code, and we can then add other pages/content using the same method.

1. ### Editing a post

	- enter text in Markdown - [cheat sheet here](http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/).
    - use the toolbar above - for help click the **?** button.

1. ### Publishing

    - move the draft to the _\_posts_ folder, click `Draft to Post` on the formatting toolbar at (the top of the page) and
    - click **save** and
    - click the **commit** button that appears on the left of the save button (again, you can enter what has changed in the textarea for history/tracability)

    **Publish to live**:
    - click `Unpublished` on the formatting toolbar at (the top of the page) and save the content
